Update 101-react-testing-library.md (#1137)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/100-frontend/content/115-testing-your-apps/101-react-testing-library.md

> # React testing library
> 
> The React Testing Library is a very light-weight solution for testing React components. It provides light utility functions on top of react-dom and react-dom/test-utils, in a way that encourages better testing practices. Its primary guiding principle is:
> The more your tests resemble the way your software is used, the more confidence they can give you
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> 
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/'> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# React Testing Library

The React Testing Library is a very lightweight solution for testing React components. It provides light utility functions on top of react-dom and react-dom/test-utils, in a way that encourages better testing practices. Its primary guiding principle is: The more your tests resemble the way your software is used, the more confidence they can give you.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Getting Started' href='https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/'> 
```
